* * * * Project Description * * * *

Mazur Marcin Portfolio is a page about me and my projects. The main page contains information about my adventure with programming, about my career, project section and contact form. Each project is described on separate page. Career section is not available for everyone. To get access to career section you must enter a special code.

Administrator panel contains dashboard with all necessary information; contact messages management module; access codes, tasks and statistics page. The email module will be made available in the nearest future.


* * * * Main features * * * *

Career section – access codes – to get access to career section you must enter a special code. Codes are generated by administrator. Every code usage is saved in code history

Contact form – The form is checked before sending the message. No field can be empty. Sending message is confirmed by success alert

Administrator Panel: Dashboard presents the most important information like number of unread messages, email and notifications; chart of most popular calculators; links to other sections

Administrator Panel: Contact Form Messages management module – this module is used to manage all messages from contact form. Available actions: read one or many at once, change status, delete, add comments and search for messages

Administrator Panel: Statistics – this section shows general and detailed statistics of the messages and web site traffic

Administrator Panel: Access Codes –this module is used to generate and manage access codes

Administrator Panel: Tasks – To do list

Information about page are displayed in modal window, which is shown after clicking the footer

The web page is available in Polish and English.